Hey well done for completing yet another module.
You're really really getting the hang of this. Now,
in this roommie catchup that we have, I wanna talk to you about discipline because, you know like a lot of
people mistake motivation, like the concept of motivation, for excitement.
Like you ask yourself you know if I want to be a programmer so much like why am I just not like jumping
out of bed and wanting to code, you know. Like those days do happen and I have those days too. Like
there are days when I wake up early and I think I can't wait to work on this project.
But there's also days where I like wake up and like I don't want to look at a computer for a year. So
you know like at the end of the day, motivation is about you wanting to do something because you're trying
to get someplace.
You're trying to achieve your goals.
Now this might be a good time to have a look back at the goals that you wrote out in the first module.
Like why are you doing this?
Because in these moments when motivation is low, then you have to look at the reasons for why you're putting
in this work right?
And in most cases what it comes down to is just discipline, like you've got to have the discipline to
just sit down and do the work and put in the hours and the great thing about discipline though is that
discipline breeds discipline.
The more that you do it, the easier it gets. The more that you sit down every day, do an hour of coding,
the easier it is on subsequent days in order to keep doing this.
So you're doing the right thing, just plough on and me and the office unicorn and the office crustacean
we're both gonna be here cheering on for you.
So keep going and you'll get there.